Hello dear friends with you Kuzya and
Welcome to my channel
gta5 has been out for about 3 weeks ago and
During this time, a lot of new
mods for gta 5 single mode and in
this video, I wanted to show you the top 5
mods for the game at the moment in my
opinion is really a lot of fashion
most of them are boring and uninteresting
and either look like some more
other major mods but also in this video
as I said pan so small
A selection of five major mods that I
personally like but actually at the end
video i will also say be like
restore all the mods and where they can
download
well, I wanted to start today's five
with a fashion with which you can
shoot a gun machine that is
place use guns will fly out
different cars trucks and so
further ridiculous funny mod for gta 5 on
pc which has already managed to enjoy many
to the players
the next mod is called polis bridge
using this mod you can feel
yourself in the shoes of a real coupe ride over
criminals in a police car with
mate still not now
really big and serious mods
for gta 5 on pc all mods for now
simple ordinary but this mod
such a good short step already to more
large mod since it's something like
police simulator is using
f3 keys you can bring up a menu of this
fashion
where you can choose your skin
pick a mate and of course
transport is a cop car and I'm on that
This mod is not finalized until the end as
for example when you respect on assignment and
actually find a criminal instead
to arrest him you must him
kill so how to arrest for now this
the mod still can not but the mascara itself
soon it will be finalized and will
look great already and will be more
so playable and cool but also 3 mod
I already shot a video about gravity gun mod
but could not not include it in your top
mods at the moment in more detail about
In this fashion, you can see my
last video but I burned you once
tell you what with the help of the shocker
be able to pick up items in the game this is
let's say machines rearrange them and
send far far to heaven
following from more simple but
quite interesting
This mod will allow you to create an absolute
from in los santos all players will appear
weapons and a wild meat grinder starts
who can get there and you
latest fashion today which
what do you turn into superman
los santos yes and actually using
fashion from fly you can soar in
heaven
thereby cast faster than any aircraft
summer you need to jump some
heights wait a moment when you have on
back will parachute and fly well
Of course there is little point in the swing
a bunch of these trainers who's there
already all know, even a video shot with them
using a very very comfortable coach
single modes gta5 with the help of which
you can turn into different
animals change skins very weather in
In general, everything is all very convenient thing
so if someone does not know
watch the video on my channel i think
that everyone probably knows about him or not
meaning already in detail to talk about it
fashion and we include it here in this top five
Here is such a selection of the best mods on
this moment in my opinion again
I repeat all the links to this mods
is in the description of this video
Clicking on the link will also be detailed
instructions on how to download this or that mod
I must at least say just a couple
words about what fashion
now officially ostensibly banned on pc
what for them now banyat rockstar even
changed the finger to an agreement with the players
the total score is too very serious
or rockstar straight categorically against
of these mods i think it is possible
not for long and still fashion nickname will be
of course go out exist and
you can download them but if you
go to gta online then you will be banned
the fact that you went to the actual mod
talent that many tinkers of work in
single mode
also works in gta online which is very
bad unfortunately because some
fashion does not block the channel itself
go online gta 5 I personally
keep playing with mods in gta 5 just
if i need to go to gta vlan i delete
all those mods all these files that downloaded
already snot in gta 5 folder and already calm
I go to it online and no bans
getting
but if suddenly you get a ban then he
given for 14 days and chichkan days you
Well, you can play the actual cam module
set at your own risk but i
yet I repeat that that if not prepared
you will hardly be banned and
I am there that everything will be fine and so
That like this video I hope you
I liked the selection because there are such
maybe everything is there
I have not released a video for a long time and
instead of shooting one by one I
I decided to still shove a few of these
major mods in one video so
Like if you wait for more such
mod release releases also
subscribe to my channel spouse were not
signed and I think that soon
will also release glitchy on the bottom
I don't know about the past yet
bye bye glitchy
on ps4 somewhere nepropay like as well
I thought that soon again
There will be a new crap, I certainly them
take off in general watch the video output
on my channel, good luck everyone, thank you
for watching all bye